Good morning, family.
How are y'all doing today?
I have some things on my heart, but first off, let's give God some praise.
For the Lord is good and his mercy endures forever.
Father, I thank you that you endure forever and your mercy is new every morning.
Great is your faithfulness to me, oh God.
Thank you, Father, for all that you're going to do today.
I ask you, Father, to anoint this broadcast, this video today, and this YouTube video.
I thank you, Father, that you speak through my vocal cords and you think through my mind.
None of me and all of you, in the mighty name of Jesus.
I thank you, Father.
I have an urgency in my heart for what's coming and to tell the people that Jesus is coming.
Well, this is what I have for y'all today.
I was driving down the road and the Lord just decided to speak.
I mean, the prophetic unction just hit me hard.
Like I said, I do not consider myself a prophet, but when I pray, I see visions and the Lord shows me things to come.
He showed me Israel, and I saw a major event about to take place in Israel.
I saw at this time people in the streets with prayer shawls like what I have.
They had these prayer things, they had the Israeli flag, and they had it over their shoulders, kind of like what they do at a sporting event, but they had it like this and it was draped around them.
They were celebrating in the streets, saying, "The deliverer has come.
The deliverer has come.
" The women were dancing in the streets and the men were dancing, and they were celebrating some kind of victory.
I do not know what this was, if it was war or whatever.
All I know is they were celebrating something that had happened in the streets in Israel.
I saw rabbis.
I saw Orthodox Jews with their hats on with curls and long beards, and they were weeping at this sight, at this experience.
They were rocking at the Wailing Wall.
I could see them praying and weeping at the Wailing Wall, and I could see them throughout the streets.
I saw them actually say, "We've been in error.
We have been in error in some of our teachings.
" The Holy Spirit had gotten a hold of them and they were telling the people—I saw them teaching and telling the people that they had been in error about some things and they were going back and correcting things that they had been teaching that were in error.
I saw a glory explosion over the Jewish people.
A mighty revival started to break out in the streets in Jerusalem and all of the other areas of Israel.
They were breaking forth in a revival of healings and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory.
And the Lord said, "I'm going to become real to this generation like I had been in the past with the children of Israel when they were delivered out of the hand of Egypt.
I'm going to do another wave of my presence, of my glory, over this generation, and they will see that I am real and that I am their Messiah, that I am God to them.
" The Lord showed me a great and mighty wave of his presence over all of the people.
But they were delivered from something.
Like I said, I do not know what this was about, but they were dancing in the streets.
I could see the rabbis and the tears that were flowing.
There was a heavy-set man, and I don't know who this man was, but he had chubbier, heavier cheeks and a longer, silvery-peppered beard.
I could see gray in his beard.
He was a rabbi, and he had glasses on and he was rocking.
I remember seeing these curls, but I could see the people and they were teaching that "we were erring in our ways," and they knew that they were corrected about some things.
I just thought it was amazing in this visitation.
The Lord just told me that he was going to become real, and I don't want to keep rehashing that, but I'm just going back over my mind, remembering everything I was shown.
Then the Lord showed me this.
He said, "Brandon, I'm going to uncap the wells of revival in America.
" And he said to me, "The great healing revivals that took place in the 1930s and 40s—you know, the tent revivals back whenever A.
A.
Allen, Jack Coe, William Branham, Smith, not Kenneth Hagin, but you know, John G.
Lake, that era of ministers.
" He told me Aimee Semple McPherson, and it goes on and on.
He said, "Those wells were capped.
" People have wondered, "Where has that gone?
" They were capped.
I looked up what the word 'capped' means.
What does it mean to cap a well?
The wells that are no longer being used but might be needed in the future can be sealed with a cap that covers the top of the well casing pipe to prevent unauthorized access and contamination.
A cap is a temporary groundwater protection solution that allows a well to be used at a later time.
He brought up the scripture in Genesis and he was talking about Isaac bringing forth the old wells that Abraham had dug, that the Philistines put dirt on and filled up, and capped those wells off.
But the Lord was showing me that he's uncapping those wells of revival.
He's uncapping all those deep wells.
I was driving by Tulsa, ORU, and I saw the glory.
I started crying again.
I saw the glory over the Mabee Center, and I saw the glory of the Lord over there again, and those old wells of revival from Oral Roberts and the greats that walked this land before and have gone home to be with the Lord.
He said, "I'm going to do it one more time, and I'm bringing forth a great revival again, son.
" Those old wells that have been capped for protection because the season was over for that, he said, "I'm bringing forth those great wells again, and I'm going to use you and I'm going to use these people for great healings.
Demonstrations and manifestations of my glory will be seen again.
I'm going to touch this generation one more time.
" I told you, he said, "There's one more call.
One last call.
" And I've asked him because people were arguing with me and saying, "Oh, there's no great revival.
That's not in the Bible in the last days.
" Well, I was out there and I said, "Lord, what do you say to this?
" And he said, "Brandon, who's in control of time?
" He said, "I am.
Were you there when I threw the stars into space?
Were you there when I created the heavens and the earth?
" He was referring to Job whenever he was talking to Job.
He said, "Brandon, my heart is the harvest.
My heart is the harvest.
One last call, son.
I'm calling in the sheep from the back of the fold.
One last call.
I'm calling them forth to come home, giving them an opportunity.
" And in this, I'm going to uncap those great wells of revival.
And I saw at this time a vision of tents full of people again.
I saw tents and brush harbor churches again.
He showed me a revival of fire like what Azusa Street had.
I'm so hungry for this.
The glorious church in Collinsville, Oklahoma—he's going to use this place.
He's going to use Branson, Missouri.
He's going to use these places.
And he told me, "Those that are hungry and thirsty after righteousness, they will be filled with my glory.
" He said, "I want you to go back and I want to speak to you about Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah.
" This time, he said, "This is the beginning of the glory.
This is the beginning of what you have waited for for so long.
" He talked about a great harvest of souls coming from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah.
You will see first the blade, then the ear, and then the corn.
Concerning this, the greater harvest of the glory that you have wanted for so long will come: first the blade, then the ear, and then the full corn.
You will see it.
He said, "This is a time of refreshing, a time of surrender, a time of rest, a time of healing, a period to fully let go and prepare for the new cycle ahead.
" He talked about the Democratic Party and the evil over the United States of America.
There will be an event that will shake the USA out of a fear to control; they will lose control, is what the Lord said.
He said seedtime and harvest will have come to its fullest.
You will see this happen.
Seedtime and harvest will come to its fullest in these days ahead.
The seeds they have sowed in the past will come to harvest finally at last.
Then he started talking to me about a great humbling.
A great humbling will come, an uprising; there will be weeping, and they will be very sad.
People will say, "What did we do?
" You will see an exposing of great darkness in the Democratic Party.
And when this happens, the very snake they thought they controlled will turn on them.
I saw that big python that I told you all about in the past lashing out, striking, striking, striking.
It was striking them.
I saw an exposing.
I saw embarrassing moments coming from Kamala Harris.
I saw things that were done in the past that she thought she had buried and were no longer a problem resurfacing.
There were several incidents of things that were dirty, things that were very embarrassing to the point where I heard her saying, "I should have never ran.
I should have never put my foot in this," because they were very humiliating.
I saw very humiliating things coming, things that were not meant to be, and people leaked it.
There is corruption on the Republican side and the Democratic side.
People think the Republicans are sanctimonious folks, but there is corruption on the Democrats and corruption on the Republicans, and there are going to be exposings.
I saw women and different ethnic groups that had blinders on their eyes.
When these things start to manifest, the blinders will fall off.
I saw them becoming enlightened.
It was similar to whenever you see somebody that's bewitched; they have a spell over them and they don't even realize it.
They have a demonic band wrapped around their mind.
I saw a breaking of this and them being set free.
Their minds became enlightened.
When this happens, they will be furious because the eyes of their understanding were enlightened, Ephesians 1:18.
There will be people who want to have lynch mobs, rioting, and pillaging.
They will be upset about how they were lied to because the darkness they tried to deceive everyone with will come out into the open.
They will not be able to hide from the things that they have sown.
There was an exposing in the financial realm and the natural realm.
You will see it.
Watch this.
I saw Jerome Powell again, and I saw him taking Jenga pieces.
I saw a great Jenga tower.
I saw him pulling from the middle of the Jenga tower.
He was watching as he pulled to see if it would fall.
All of a sudden, I saw the vision going straight to the middle of the Jenga tower.
All the tower was built up, but in the middle there was no foundation.
It was only on one block, and that block fell and all of it crumbled.
It was awful.
Everybody was panicking.
I saw Wall Street and the day traders panicking, selling and selling.
It was chaos in Wall Street.
Everybody was freaking out.
I could see the storm over New York and the Lord showed me great darkness.
But then he said to me, "Everything will change in a 24-hour period.
" It will be just like that, similar to how 9/11 took place.
It will be a lot like what happened with 9/11.
I saw a change of things happening in a 24-hour period.
Everything that was would be no more.
A change that happens that fast.
I don't know when this takes place, but when it does, it will change everything within a 24-hour period.
I saw the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
I saw a great supernatural harvest of finances.
When this takes place, it will be similar to the children of Israel leaving Egypt and getting the wealth from the Egyptians.
This will be a type and shadow of what God is going to do in this generation before he takes us out with the rapture of the church.
We will have the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
The Lord said it will be a type and shadow of this event.
God said, "I will provide for my beloved.
" I was talking about the major churches that are in compromise.
If you are writing worship music to try to get a Dove Award or clout for finances concerning the glory outpouring, or preaching the gospel on a YouTube channel always asking for money because you're touching God's anointing, you're in trouble.
You will wake up and your channel will be gone that fast because God said, "Touch not my anointed.
" Watch what happens to you.
I don't care if you're trying to sell a book, but if your whole mission is to make profit off of the body of Christ, you're in trouble.
Woe unto you.
If you're writing a book to help people, I get it; there are costs with it.
But if you're writing a book or a song for worship just for material gain, woe unto you.
He told me, "Brandon, never go on the platform and ever ask for a dime from my people.
Not one time.
" He said if I make a video trying to make profit, the channel will be no more.
He'll take the anointing off the channel and it will be done.
You want to know why your channels aren't growing?
It's because you're trying to profit off of God's people.
God says there is coming an end to that.
If you feed the sheep, God said he would feed you.
But if your heart is just to make money off of God's people, woe unto you; those seasons are done.
God's drawing a line in the sand.
You'll see the wolves among the sheep, and you're going to be able to see the ones that are called to God because the light's going to get brighter and the darkness is going to get darker.
And you're going to see the ones that are false and the ones that are right, because the righteous are going to rise up with the glory of the Lord and the manifestations of His presence beyond anything you've ever seen before.
And you're going to look at the ones that have been on Daystar and the ones that have been on these other channels, and you're going to go, 'Who are they?
What happened to them?
' And you're going to say, 'What happened to their ministry?
' Because it's all going to fall because they are all seeking after material gain, their own popularity, and their own position, trying to uplift themselves because they wanted man's praise and approval.
But God's calling forth a people like David that will go in and cut the head off the giant and don't need any praise because we're always looking to give Him the praise.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power will be known of Him and not of us.
And if you have the attitude that you have to be exalted in these last days, you are missing it.
You're going to be left.
And I'm telling you, woe unto you that have that kind of an attitude because He will not have His glory shared, ladies and gentlemen.
It's about giving God glory in these last days.
That's what He told me.
He said, 'Brandon, always stay small in your own eyes.
Never look for man's praise because just like they praised me going in, saying "Glory to Him in the highest," and they were doing the palm branches and doing all the things that they were doing, they turned on me the next week and said, "Crucify Him!
Crucify Him!
"' Man's opinion will change like the weather, ladies and gentlemen, because we're all just messed up without Jesus.
I'm not here for your praise.
I'm not here for the comment section to give me a big hit.
I'm here to say, 'Well done, thou good and faithful servant.
' When I enter into my rest, when I get on the other side, my job is to tell you Jesus Christ is coming and He's coming soon.
My job is to tell you, you better repent because Jesus is coming and there will be one last call and Jesus is coming for His bride.
Are you ready today?
Is your heart ready before Him?
Do you understand that it's not about record deals and Dove Awards?
That the anointed songs of the past were anointed because they had a heart just for Him.
They didn't care about becoming viral.
Who cares about being viral?
My video went viral?
I don't care.
I hide in a hole.
They want to say, 'Well, you got 160 million hits and all this.
' Who cares?
Most of them were persecuting you anyway.
But He said, 'The more they persecute you, the more I will increase the anointing on your life because if they loved you, Brandon, then you ain't of me.
But if they hate you, they hated me.
They hated me, son.
So they're going to hate you.
' How much more do I want His praise than anybody else's?
If they hated Jesus, they're going to hate you.
But if they love you, you better watch yourself because I want to be like Jesus.
I want to be like Him.
My goal every day is to wake up and say, 'Jesus, I want to be more like You.
I want to be more like You—less and less of this world and more like Jesus.
' If you have that heart, you're on the right road.
But they're going to hate you and they're going to persecute you just like they persecute me.
They run me down.
They're evil people.
But I say, 'God, thank you for the opportunity to be persecuted for Your name's sake.
Thank you for the opportunity to be persecuted for Your name's sake.
' If that's the least I could go through for You, for them to make fun of me, it was all for Your glory.
That when I get on the other side, it's 'Well done, thou good and faithful servant.
Enter into my rest.
' People have no idea the persecution.
The nights I have had here are just sitting there weeping, saying, 'God, the pressure is so intense.
' But He comes and loves on me.
And I want to sit at His feet and I want to bask in His presence.
And I want to sit there and go, 'Oh.
' Because when my praises go up, His blessings come down.
I'm taken back by His love for me.
I'm taken back at the visitations that I've had with Him even lately to warn you all about what's coming.
A great shaking of America is coming to awaken.
And in this shaking, He said, 'Never quote dates anymore.
' And I want you to be very slow to speak and quick to pray.
Spend more time praying and less time speaking on this channel.
It should be an oasis for people to be refreshed for what's coming.
They have got to learn how to drink and hear me for themselves.
It is not about the prophetic anymore concerning saying, 'Well, I got to tell you.
' I want you to learn how to drink yourself.
You need to learn how to hear yourself for there may not be a YouTube soon.
There may not be an internet soon.
What would you do if all the prophetic voices were silent on YouTube?
What would you do?
Would you be lost?
Or would you know how to cultivate it for yourself and get into those rivers and hear Him for you?
Because in that, all the voices will be quiet and all you have is Him and you.
That's where you need to be.
Who cares?
It's about you and Him.
He said, 'Brandon, you don't need to tell them anymore about the financial crash—when, where, how.
' He said, 'The crash is coming for the people and the things to shake them, to awaken them because they're not hearing me in the first place.
' It's not so you can prepare them so they'll go buy their goods and all their stuff; it's so that they hear me for themselves.
Their ears are closed to me.
They've not known how to get into my word and flow in the gifts of the Spirit by praying in the Spirit because they're dry.
You are helping them to stay dry.
Tell them to fan their flame so they can find it for themselves.
If you teach them to fish instead of giving them fish, they'll starve if you keep giving them the fish.
But if I teach you to fish, you'll learn how to feed your whole family.
The problem is that you do not know how to do it yourself.
And you have got to learn how to hear Him for what's coming.
Get yourself right before the Father.
Take communion daily.
It's not hard.
You get your juice and your bread and you go before Him just like you do at church and say the exact same thing: 'Father, this is Your body.
This is Your blood.
' You don't have to make it all...
He wants it to be just like what a child would do before Him.
We don't have to be all hyper-super-religious.
God does not like—He said He hates self-righteousness.
He hates it.
And He hates religion the way everybody else, the thees and thous, the Pharisees.
We've got to go back to just being like a child.
Be simple.
Our relationship with the Lord should be simple.
It shouldn't be so complicated.
It's not algebra.
It's subtraction and addition.
Simple math.
Does that make sense?
Simple math, not algebra or calculus or whatever.
It's easy.
We've made it so hard, but God said, 'Come to me like a child.
' How does a child go?
'I want to crawl up in your lap, Daddy.
How you doing today?
I want to tug on your garment, Dad.
Hey, can I have an ice cream?
Can I have a cookie?
Hey, Daddy, I want to tell you I love you.
' You have a little five-year-old.
'I want to tell you I love you, Dad.
' They're just begging for your time and attention.
'Can you play cars with me?
Can you play cards with me?
Can you play dollies with me?
' They're never trying to make things real complicated.
A child is simple.
'Can you just play blocks with me?
I just want some time.
I want to sit in your lap and love on you.
I love you, Daddy.
Love you, Mommy.
Can I sleep by you tonight?
Can I have a drink?
I'm thirsty.
I'm hungry.
' We make things so hard, but if we come to Him like a child, 'Hey Dad, I just want to tell you I love you.
How's your day going?
' It's in the simple things.
Laying your head upon His chest so that you can hear Him breathe—that's what I love about my toddler.
You put them on your chest and they just listen to you breathe, and they get so relaxed by that breath that they fall asleep in your arms because you bring comfort to them.
That's what He wants to do for you today.
He wants to bring comfort to you.
There are many of you who are so worn out, so hurting, so dry, so thirsty that you're like, 'How can I make it another day?
' because you're so worn out with the world.
He says, 'My yoke is easy and My burden is light.
Come unto Me all you that are heavy laden and I will give you rest.
' He wants to bring you rest.
He's not trying to make things so complicated.
He just wants to be that Daddy who has been there the whole time.
But you're the wayward child.
A lot of you are out in left field thinking you can't run home, but He's killed the fatted calf and He has His arms wide open waiting for you.
He's never turned His back on you.
One time you turned your back on Him.
You made it hard; He didn't.
He's still that loving Father with His arms wide open waiting for you, sitting there saying, 'Are they going to come home soon?
' One last call.
The ark's getting ready to close.
For as in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
One last call.
Are you going to get on the ship?
Are you going to get on the boat today?
He's calling you.
Are you going to come home?
His arms are wide open waiting for you today.
He's not mean; He's not mad at you.
He wants to hold you and embrace you and tell you He loves you and whisper in your ear, 'I love you.
I miss you.
' I hope this video blessed you today.
My heart is for the harvest.
My heart is for the people.
And if you don't think God wants one last call and there's no revival or push, then you don't know Him because His heart is for souls; His heart is for the people.
And if you don't think that—well, no, there's a great falling away—I never said that there wouldn't be.
But His heart is still for the ones in the back of the fold.
He controls time.
He controls it.
And if He sees that you're so close, even watching this video right now, to give it all and to be sold out for Jesus, that's why He didn't come back today.
That's why He might not come back tomorrow, because I'm telling you, there are people who are praying for you: your grandmas, your grannies, whoever—your mom, your dad.
You may be watching and saying, 'Man, I'm wayward.
I'm a teenager.
I've backslidden.
I've not been to church in forever.
' But you happened to just click on this video and you're watching it right now.
Somebody's praying for you.
There's a song that says, 'Somebody's praying, I can feel it.
Somebody's praying for me.
There are little hands that are guiding me; they're protecting me when I can't see.
Lord, I believe.
Somebody's praying for me.
' Somebody's praying for you.
I believe it with all my heart and I believe that today is your day of salvation.
Don't keep waiting for tomorrow.
You may not have tomorrow; you may die in your sleep tonight.
And the Lord told me, as I was sitting outside, He said, 'Do you have a comprehension of eternity, Brandon?
' I said, 'I think I do.
' He said, 'I want you to count all those stars in the sky that would represent a year, and you'll never count all of them, for eternity is longer than even all the stars in the heavens.
If you were to count all the grains of sand on the beach, eternity is more than whatever those grains of sand are.
Eternity is forever.
' You can either be in a devil's hell forever with eternity or you can have eternity with Jesus Christ.
It's your choice.
But today is your day to make a choice.
You can either spend eternity in hell or you can spend eternity in heaven, but it's your choice.
He didn't send you there; you choose it.
But I say today, if you were to die in your sleep tonight, where would you spend eternity forever and ever?
Ladies and gentlemen, we have no comprehension of that because we don't even know how to count all the stars just in our galaxy, the Milky Way.
There are billions of them, if not trillions.
I'm trying to tell you all and give you a glimpse of something here: that Jesus Christ died for you on that cross so that you don't have to spend eternity in hell.
Hell was made for Satan and his demons; it wasn't made for you.
So, would you accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior?
It's very easy to do.
Say this simple prayer with me.
Bow your head and just mean it with all your heart.
It doesn't have to be religious; it can just be something simple.
Say it with me right now: 'Jesus, I'm a sinner.
I ask You to come into my heart.
I believe You are the Son of God.
Write my name in the Lamb's book of life.
I've been a sinner; I've messed up.
I've done a lot of bad things.
But Father, You said that if I confess my sins, You are faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
So I confess what I've done.
I've come short of the glory.
But Jesus, You paid the price for me, and I accept You as my Lord and Savior.
That's it.
I accept You, and I know what You did: You died for me and You rose again on the third day.
I believe it.
I believe You saved me by grace today.
' Simple.
Write my name.
He's writing it down right now in that book.
The angels up there are rejoicing.
Just forgive me right now.
I'm coming home.
That's it.
Now, get in a Bible-believing church that believes in the baptism of the Holy Spirit, reads the Bible, teaches you how to stand and live by faith, and go and volunteer and be a part of that church.
Go on Sunday, go on Wednesday, go to Bible study—go whatever you've got to do to get plugged in and get your lamp full of oil.
I believe with all my heart today you were saved.
And if you got saved today watching this broadcast, let us know in the comment section.
We want to rejoice with you.
We're excited that you came home.
We're excited that you're no longer going to hell and that you're coming to heaven with me.
Maybe we'll be neighbors in heaven!
I believe it.
The Bible says that He's making us a mansion and He has a place for us, a beautiful home up there.
His kids are going to have a place up there with Him.
I just want to encourage you all today to be blessed.
I hope this blessed you.
I hope you subscribe if you haven't; it blesses us to get the gospel out.
Like the video, please, and click the notification bell.
It really blesses us.
I'm telling you, it gets the gospel spread throughout the whole world.
That's how YouTube works; it helps with the algorithm.
We just want to say thank you for joining us today.
I'm going to pray for you all real quick.
Father, I thank You for every single person who is represented here today for healing and manifestations of Your glory.
Abba Father, this is the day and the hour of the last of the last.
I thank you, Father, for all that you've done and all that you continue to do to heal every single one of us.
You've not made it hard for healing; you've not made it hard for salvation.
Jesus Christ paid the price for every single one of us to walk in victory, and we thank you for it.
Amen and amen.
If you could put a smile on your face and a song in your heart, Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
We will see you all next time.
God bless you all, and have a wonderful day.
Bye-bye.